*This project has been created as part of the 42 curriculum by vpildaer.*

# Libft - 42 Belgium
My very first own library of functions, based on some of the Standard C library functions, as well as some additional ones, aiming at dealing with strings, files  and linked lists.

## What is Libft ?

**Libft** is the very first project of the 42 Common Core. While it is a global refresher of the *Piscine*, some new material can also be learned throughout the project (see **Part 3 - Linked Lists**).

The main goal of **Libft** is to create a static library called **libft.a** that can be (sometimes) reused in further 42 projects. 

### What is a static library ?

A **static library** is a file containing a collection of object files (*.o) that are linked into the program during the linking phase of compilation and are not relevant during runtime.

An **object file** is an intermediate, machine-readable file generated by the compiler while translating source code into binary. It contains the machine code corresponding to the compiled source code from a single translation unit, but it is not yet executable on its own. Each translation unit (typically a single source file with its included headers) is compiled into a separate object file (with a .o extension on Unix-like systems) containing the machine code for that unit. These object files are later combined (linked) with other object files and libraries to create the final executable program.

Basically, **static libraries** are just a collection of object files that are merged by the linker with another object file to form a final executable.

### What are the main benefits of a static library ? 

#### Reusability
Once built, the static library **libft.a** can be reused by just linking it 

#### Portability

#### Organisation
